What does REST mean?
-> Representational State Tansfer, its an architecture style to write api to communicate of F-End to B-End using HTTP.
Server is stateless.
REST principles:
Resource-based
HTTP Methods
Stateless
Representation
Client–Server separation

What are RESTful Api?
-> RESTful APIs are APIs that follow REST principles

Difference b/w Django vs Fast API vs Flask
->
Django: Full Web Framework includes admin, ORM, auth, template.Uses WSGI
FastAPI: API Framework,high-performance, async bydefault,used for microservice. Uses ASGI

⁠How do you improve API response?
->
optimizing database queries: avoid N+1 query
caching: by redis
reducing payload size: by pagination
indexing: on foreign keys, filter/search fields
Async APIs
background tasks
Scaling infra: by multiple instance, loadbalancer


⁠Which to use Django or Fast API?
->
Django: Business-heavy projects
FastAPI: High Performance or microservice architecture, High-traffic public APIs

⁠What is CSRF?
->
Security Attact where a malicious site forces a logged-in userr to perform 
unintended actions on a trustes site using their authenticated session
Example:
User logs into a trusted site (e.g. bank.com)
Session cookie is stored in the browser
User visits a malicious website
Malicious site sends a hidden request to bank.com
Browser automatically attaches cookies
Server thinks the request is genuine.

CSRF in Django: Django enables CSRF protection by default.(CsrfViewMiddleware)


What are URLs
What are⁠ Models
What are ⁠Views
⁠Django project architecture 
⁠ORM
⁠Difference b/w project and app
⁠Django caching
⁠Authentication and Authorisation
⁠How to obtain SQL query from queryset?
⁠Explain select_related & prefetch_related
⁠Q objects in Django
Makemigrations
⁠Migrates 
⁠How django determines whether migrations are already applied?
⁠What is stateless & stateful api?
⁠Is RESTful APIs are stateful or stateless?
What is package & module?
⁠how do you handle complex queries in django
Difference b/w flask and django
⁠what is the meaning of DEBUG = TRUE in django.Is it set to True or False in prod environment?
Where redis stores the data?
Difference b/w ⁠.get() & .filter()
Have you faced memory leak issue and how did u solve 
Authentication and authorisation in django
How to secure api in django
Put vs patch 
Difference between gunicon and uvicon
How to handle exception in django
Components of jwt token
How do u handle refresh token
What is OAuth

